# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## Table of Contents

* [1.2.0 - 2023-02-12](#120---2023-02-12)
* [1.1.0 - 2022-11-14](#110---2022-11-14)
* [1.0.1 - 2022-10-06](#101---2022-10-06)
* [1.0.0 - 2022-10-06](#100---2022-10-06)

## 1.2.0 - 2023-02-12

* Added
  * A compatibility namespace to make it easier to use libraries that use functions that were added to Clojure in later versions.
  * An `update-vals` function that was added to Clojure in version 1.11.
  * An `update-keys` function that was added to Clojure in version 1.11.
  * A function `concatv` that concatenates into a vector, realizing the lazy results of `concat`.
  * A function `filter-by-values` that filters a map by values.
  * A function `filter-by-keys` that filters a map by keys.
  * A function `remove-by-values` that removes from a map by values.
  * A function `remove-by-keys` that removes from a map by keys.
  * A function `not-blank?` that checks if a string is not blank.
* Fixed
  * CHANGELOG management is now handled by [sealog.](https://github.com/Wall-Brew-Co/lein-sealog)

## 1.1.0 - 2022-11-14

* Added
  * A string function for creating [slugs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clean_URL#Slug) named `->slug`.

## 1.0.1 - 2022-10-06

* Fixed
  * Automated deployment/version tagging.

## 1.0.0 - 2022-10-06

* Added
  * A multi-binding form of `when-let` called `when-let+`.
  * A test-utility form of `clojure.spec.alpha/valid?` called `test-valid?`.
  * A string "equality" algorithm for similar strings named `same-text?`.
  * A substring "equality" algorithm for similar strings named `includes?`.
  * A variadic string casing function named `->sporadic-case`.
  * A variadic string casing function named `->spongebob-case`.

## Source

This change log was generated by [sealog.](https://github.com/Wall-Brew-Co/lein-sealog)
Please do not edit it directly. Instead, edit the source data files and regenerate this file.
